# 2025-05-15


- How many registrations?
    - 15 registration
    - Richel's prediction: expect 5 to show up
- Discuss alternating schedule with two main Zoom rooms
    - [DECIDED] Check when 2/3rds done, then all to main room for feedback and
      new topic, then back to zoom rooms (split up per HPC cluster).
      Topic teacher goes through rooms, non-topic teacher waits in
      main room as teaching assistant.
      After the main things have been done,
      plenaraly introduce the options and split up according to choice:
      use 3 BO rooms
    - [NOT] Maybe use regular plenary talks and call back learners
      when 2/3rds of lie
    - [NOT] After the second break, intro to `rsycnc`/`sftf`/archiving,
      let them choose between rooms `rsync`/`sftp`/archiving/other
    - [NOT] Use two rooms:
        - 1 for regular
        - 1 for optional exercises
    - [NOT] Do we do Zoom-room wide teaching?
        - Weakness: no (plenary) feedback, no (plenary) why
        - Pro: 
    - [NOT] Other setup:
        - First 2 hours: rooms with mixed experience
        - Last hour: option to optional extra things
    - [DECIDED: YES] Maybe common catch-up/summary in the end?

- I'd like to have a pre-made Zoom room overview.
  For that, I need the number of learners per HPC cluster.
  Could BC give me that data?
    - 10/15 Dardel
    - 1/15 Bianca: maybe move to other HPC
    - 3/15 ALVIS
    - 3/15 COSMOS
    - 4/15 Tetralith

Misc:

- Discuss putting URL to Zoom room on HPC cluster:
  why not just do it next times?
    - [DECISION] We will just do it next time :-)
